# MIT License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - Anybody can use the code for any purpose, without any restrictions.

Any person using the code should not hold the author liable for any damages caused by the code. Any bugs found in the
code should be reported to the author. The author is not obligated to fix the bugs. The author is not obligated to
provide support for the code. The author is not obligated to update the code. The author is not obligated to maintain
the code. The author is not obligated to provide any documentation for the code. The author is not obligated to provide
any instructions for the code. The author is not obligated to provide any tutorials for the code. The author is not
obligated to provide any examples for the code. The author is not obligated to provide any tests for the code. The
author is not obligated to provide any demos for the code. The author is not obligated to provide any screenshots for
the code. The author is not obligated to provide any videos for the code. The author is not obligated to provide any
audio files for the code. The author is not obligated to provide any images for the code. The author is not obligated to
provide any icons for the code. The author is not obligated to provide any logos for the code. The author is not
obligated to provide any banners for the code. The author is not obligated to provide any advertisements for the code.
The author is not obligated to provide any marketing materials for the code. The author is not obligated to provide any
promotional materials for the code. The author is not obligated to provide any merchandise for the code. The author is
not obligated to provide any products for the code. The author is not obligated to provide any services for the code.
The author is not obligated to provide any updates for the code. The author is not obligated to provide any upgrades for
the code. The author is not obligated to provide any patches for the code. The author is not obligated to provide any
bug fixes for the code. The author is not obligated to provide any security fixes for the code. The author is not
obligated to provide any enhancements for the code. The author is not obligated to provide any new features for the
code. The author is not obligated to provide any new functionality for the code. The author is not obligated to provide
any new content for the code. The author is not obligated to provide any new assets for the code. The author is not
obligated to provide any new resources for the code. The author is not obligated to provide any new tools for the code.
The author is not obligated to provide any new libraries for the code. The author is not obligated to provide any new
frameworks for the code.